Refactored getMetadata method of Asset to include unused parameters (#12800)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/Development_Documentation/23_Installation_and_Upgrade/09_Upgrade_Notes/README.md

# Upgrade Notes
## 11.0.0

> - [Assets] Refactored and added tests for `Pimcore\Model\Asset::getMetadata` method to include the parameters even when `$name` parameter is not provided. Added native type hints for this method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Assets] Refactored `Pimcore\Model\Asset::getMetadata` method to allow listing of all metadata entries filtered by a specific language. Prior this version, the language filter was only available when a specific metadata name was defined in the parameters. Added native type hints and related tests.
```
what about something like this? changed `parameters` to `language` because that would be a little too vague,  `$raw` was already working and is unchanged while `$strictMatch` is just something tied to $language anyways.

Reviewer: oh wait, i don't make mention of the `$raw` then.. i was simplyifing to language because the strictMatch is "linked" to it anyways
